reflections-1
=============
2013-09-14  

This week, we have been working on installing vagrant. Actually I am not quit sure about what we are trying to get  
'vagrant up' to work for. I have some vague feeling that Aaron wants us to do something with tht ipython notebook with  
this 'vagrant' the the command processor. To be more honest, I have been having this vague feeling ever since we had  
touched on the virtual machine. Because I am not a CS major, and I think many of us aren't either, I don't have enough  
basic knowledge about computers. So sometimes I was not able to follow the ideas fluently, such as how to use ** software  
to help us build a *** environment which allows group contributions towards the same project. I know this sentence sounds  
non-sense, but that is the best I tried to catch. Regarding to my difficulty of catching the objectives, I hope we can  
have more clearly explained objectives so that I can have basic ideas about what we are aiming for and what a specific  
step will help us achieve the objective. And I also think it would be helpful if we could have more clear instructions 
on each step. If so, we will be more clear about whether we have done the stpes correstly, even if we haven't we can still
follow the later steps as soon as we get previous roadblocks solved.

Something that I like regarding this week is the way that we have our groups set up. Within each group, we have our  
technical lead and our operational lead. I think it is pretty efficient that we can have some small problems solved within  
our group first before asking for GSIs' help. And we actually have the opportunity to share our progress and roadblocks  
with our groupmates. In such a way, we don't feel lost and fallen too behind anymore. Breaking into groups makes the goal  
of keeping everybody on the same page more achievable. On Thursday, we had discussed many issues that we think should be 
improved. We all think we need more communications outside of class, especially when IRC does not really help when we are 
all offlined. We have similar feelings that we should have more clear agenda for everything. 

Regarding to more off-class communications, our group decided to try with facebook groups. We already have our facebook
group active and started to keep track of each other. As a operational lead of the group, I asked our group to briefly 
report how far they had gone successfully. We have slightly different stages around getting 'vagrant up' to work and further
attempts to access ipython on the browser. I think I have 'vagrant up' run and virtualbox ready (according to GSI Christ).
But I don't know what further steps I should be working on...So I am still waiting for further instructions, and so is my
group. 
